Anthony Mack
Bethel Tech
Lesson 1 Hands On Assignment

The purpose of the instructions below are to describe to the reader the steps necessary to properly separate the pink,
green and yellow jelly beans into the 3 cups. Each cup will only contain one color jelly bean and the quantities will be
so that the cup on the left will contain the smallest amount of jelly beans and the cup on the right will contain the most.
Also, the final stipulation is that the cups cannot be moved and the jelly beans can only be placed either in the cups or
in the bag.

Directions:

1. Get a blank sheet of paper.
2. Position the paper so that it's in a portrait layout.
3. Draw two vertical lines down the piece of paper from top to bottom. Space the lines such that there are 3 evenly sized
   whitespace columns on the paper.
4. At the top of the left column write the word 'Pink'.
5. At the top of the center column write the word 'Green'.
6. At the top of the right column write the word 'Yellow'.
7. Remove one jelly bean from the bag.
8. If the jelly bean is 'pink', place it into the cup on the left. If the jelly bean is 'green', place it into the cup in 
   the center. If the jelly bean is 'yellow', place it into the cup on the right.
9. If the jelly bean from step 8 was 'pink', draw a small vertical mark under the 'pink' column on the piece of paper. If
   the jelly bean from step 8 was 'green', draw a small vertical mark under the 'green' column on the piece of paper. If
   the jelly bean from step 8 was 'yellow', draw a small vertical mark under the 'yellow' column on the piece of paper.
10. Repeat steps 7-9 until all the jelly beans have been removed from the bag and placed into the appropriate cup.
11. Count the total number of marks under the 'Pink' column on the piece of paper.
12. Count the total number of marks under the 'Green' column on the piece of paper.
13. Count the total number of marks under the 'Yellow' column on the piece of paper.
14. Compare the total number of marks of the 'Pink' column to the total number of marks in the 'Green' column. If the total
    number of marks under the 'Green' column is less than the total number of marks under the 'Pink' column proceed to
    step 15. If not, compare total number of marks of the 'Pink' column to the total number of marks in the 'Yellow'
    column. If the total number of marks in the 'Yellow' column is less than than the total number of marks in the 'Pink'
    column proceed to step 16. If not, then the exercise is complete and steps 15 and 16 can be ignored.
15. Remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the left cup and place into the bag. Then, compare the total number of marks 
    under the 'Yellow' column to the total number of marks under the 'Green' column. If the total number of marks under the
    'Yellow' column is less than the total number of marks under the 'Green' column then remove all the 'yellow' jelly beans 
    from the cup on the right and place them into the cup on the left. Then remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the bag
    and place them into the cup on the right. If not, then remove all the 'green' jelly beans from the cup in the center and
    place them into the cup on the left. Finally, compare the total number of marks under the 'Yellow' column to the total
    number of marks under the 'Pink' column. If the total number of marks under the 'Yellow' column is less than the total
    number of marks under the 'Pink' column, remove all the 'yellow' jelly beans from the cup on the right and place them
    into the cup in the center. Then, remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the bag and place them into the cup on the right.
    If not, then remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the bag and place them into the cup in the center.
16. Remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the left cup and place into the bag. Remove all the 'yellow' jelly beans from 
    the cup on the right and place them into the cup on the left. Then, remove all the 'green' jelly beans from the cup in
    the center and place them into the cup on the right. Then, remove all the 'pink' jelly beans from the bag and place 
    them into the cup in the center.

